fusion CLI install + extension updates; new manual install snippet (#8147)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_install-dbt-extension.md

## Install the extension

To install the dbt VS Code extension, follow these steps in VS Code or Cursor:

1. Navigate to the **Extensions** tab of your editor and search for `dbt`. Locate the extension from the publisher `dbtLabsInc` or `dbt Labs Inc`. Click **Install**.
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/extension/extension-marketplace.png" width="90%" title="Search for the extension"/>
2. Open a dbt project in your VS Code environment if you haven't already. Make sure it is added to your current workspace. If you see a **dbt Extension** label in your editor's status bar, then the extension has installed successfully. You can hover over this **dbt Extension** label to see diagnostic information about the extension.
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/extension/dbt-extension-statusbar.png" width="60%" title="If you see the 'dbt Extension` label, the extension is activated"/>
3. Once the dbt extension is activated, it will automatically begin downloading the correct dbt Language Server (<Term id="lsp"/>) for your operating system.
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/extension/extension-lsp-download.png" width="60%" title="The dbt Language Server will be installed automatically"/>

> 4. If the dbt Fusion engine is not already installed on your machine, the extension will prompt you to download and install it. Follow the steps shown in the notification to complete the installation. If you haven't installed it yet, you can [install it manually](#install-fusion-manually).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If the dbt Fusion engine is not already installed on your machine, the extension will prompt you to download and install it. Follow the steps shown in the notification to complete the installation or [install it manually from the command line](#install-fusion-manually).
```

    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/extension/install-dbt-fusion-engine.png" width="60%" title="Follow the prompt to install the dbt Fusion engine"/>
5. Run the VS Code extension [upgrade tool](#upgrade-to-fusion) to ensure your dbt project is Fusion ready and help you fix any errors and deprecations.

6. (Optional) If you're new to the extension or VS Code/Cursor, you [can set your local environment](/docs/configure-dbt-extension) to mirror your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> environment and [set any environment variables](/docs/configure-dbt-extension#configure-environment-variables) locally to use the VS Code extension features.

You're all set up with the dbt extension! The next steps are:
- Follow the [getting started](#getting-started) guide to get started with the extension.

> - [Install the dbt Fusion engine manually](#install-fusion-manually) if you haven't already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install the dbt Fusion engine] (#install-fusion-manually) from the command line, if you haven't already.
```

> - [Register your email](#register-the-extension) to continue using the extension beyond the trial period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Register the extension](#register-the-extension) with your email address or <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account to continue using it beyond the trial period.
```

> - Review the [about the dbt extension](/docs/about-dbt-extension) documentation to learn more about the extension and its features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review the [about the dbt extension](/docs/about-dbt-extension) documentation to learn more about its features and functionality.
```

#### Install Fusion manually

    <FusionManualInstall />

## Getting started

> Once the <Constant name="fusion_engine"/> and dbt VS Code extension has been installed in your environment, the dbt logo will appear on the sidebar. From here, you can access workflows to help you get started, offers information about the extension and your dbt project, and provides helpful links to guide you. For more information, see the [the dbt extension menu](/docs/about-dbt-extension#the-dbt-extension-menu) documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the <Constant name="fusion_engine"/> and dbt VS Code extension have been installed in your environment, the dbt logo will appear on the sidebar. From here, you can access workflows to help you get started, offers information about the extension and your dbt project, and provides helpful links to guide you. For more information, see the [the dbt extension menu](/docs/about-dbt-extension#the-dbt-extension-menu) documentation. 
```

Users must complete registration within 14 days of installing the dbt extension. There are two ways to register:

> - [Don't have a dbt account?](#new-user-registration) &mdash; Follow the VS Code “get started” flow to register and verify your email. For the initial installation, you only need to provide your name and email address to complete the registration. Subsequent installations will require you to complete the entire [dbt account registration process](#accessing-your-dbt-account) to use the extension. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Don't have a dbt account?](#new-user-registration) &mdash; Follow the VS Code [“get started”](/docs/install-dbt-extension#getting-started) workflow to register and verify your email. For the initial installation, you only need to provide your name and email address to complete the registration. Subsequent installations will require you to complete the entire [dbt account registration process](#accessing-your-dbt-account) to use the extension. 
```

> - [Returning user or existing <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> user?](#register-with-an-existing-dbt-account) &mdash; If you have an existing <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> (whether expired or active), no need to register! Just log in with the same email to prevent duplicate accounts. If you can't log in or if it's locked, reach out to [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) to have it unlocked or reset before logging in.

Reviewer: Returning users may not be aware they have a platform account after registering. We should maybe add language that spells that out for them

Now that you have activated your dbt developer account, you can access features of the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. You can also re-download your registration key using the steps outlined in [Register with an existing dbt account](#register-with-an-existing-dbt-account) if you need to set up the dbt extension on a new machine.

### Register with an existing dbt account 
<!-- This anchor is linked from the VS Code registration page. Please do not change it -->

> During the VS Code extension registration workflow it can detect if you already have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or previously created one in the past (no need to create a new one!). 

Reviewer: Unless they changed this recently, it just presents an error stating the email has already been registered, which is a little confusing. We should let them know that a developer account was created for them when they registered in the language here

Author: hey @matthewshaver !  team is actually working on making this flow less confusing so we'll leave it as is for now and will update once the registration flow is updated and more seamless here.
